README.md, before:

## Long-term Emulator
![github_repo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19871268/122675461-723e7d00-d1d1-11eb-97db-3c17676e7f42.png)
*Image sources [1](https://www.nasa.gov/content/a-portrait-of-global-winds/), [2](https://www.aidanscannell.com/post/gaussian-process-regression/), and [3](http://6degreesoffreedom.co/circle-random-sampling/).*  


### Scripts
- For other scripts designing the emulator see other [repository](https://github.com/lukeconibear/emulator).  
- Concatenate simulator data for the year (`concat_simulation_data.ipynb`).  
- Verification plots of monthly simulation data (`check_simulation_data.ipynb`).  
- Create ozone seasonal metric from simulator runs (`create_o3_metric.py`). Submitted to HPC (`create_o3_metric.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab.  
- Create ozone seasonal metric for measurements (`create_o3_metric_measurements.py` and `create_o3_metric_measurements.bash`).  
- Create emulator input dictionaries (`create_emulator_inputs_outputs_df_crop`).  
- Emulator cross-validation and sensitivity analysis (`emulator_creation.ipynb`). Interactively computed on a HPC using Dask and Jupyter Lab following instructions [here](https://pangeo.io/setup_guides/hpc.html#).  
- Emulator predictions for custom inputs (`emulator_predictions.py`). Submitted to HPC (`emulator_predictions.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Can submit in batch mode (`emulator_predictions_batch.bash`).    
- Regrid custom outputs to population grid of the world (`regrid_to_popgrid.py`). Submitted to HPC (`regrid_to_popgrid.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Can submit in batch mode (`regrid_to_popgrid_batch.bash`).  
- Create scaling metrics of evaluation against measurements (`wrfchem_evaluation_scaling.ipynb`).  
- Scale predictions to measurements (`scale_to_measurements.py`). Submitted to HPC (`scale_to_measurements.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Can submit in batch mode (`scale_to_measurements.bash`).  
- Crop population-weighted output predictions to region's shapefile (`popweighted_region.py`). Submitted to HPC (`popweighted_region.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Uses cropping functions (`cutshapefile.py`).  
- Create shapefile clips for the each country, province, and prefecture used in the health impact assessment (`create_shapefile_clips.ipynb`).  
- Long-term health impact assessment per configuration (`health_impacts_per_emission_configuration.py`). Submitted to HPC (`health_impacts_per_emission_configuration.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Can submit in batch mode (`health_impacts_per_emission_configuration.bash`).  
- Bottom-up matching of emission configurations that match recent air quality trends (`find_emissions_that_caused_air_quality_change.py` and `find_emissions_that_caused_air_quality_change.bash`). Can submit in batch mode (`find_emissions_that_caused_air_quality_change_batch.bash`).  
- Various emulator plots including emulator evaluation, sensitivity maps, prediction maps, and 2D contour pairs, (`emulator_plots.ipynb` and `find_emissions_that_caused_air_quality_change.ipynb`).  
- Plots for emissions (`emission_plots.ipynb`).  

### Setup Python environment
- Create a conda environment with the required libraries from the config file (.yml) in the repository:
```
conda env create --name pangeo --file=pangeo_latest.yml  
pip install salib dask_labextension pyarrow  
jupyter labextension install dask-labextension  
jupyter labextension install @jupyter-widgets/jupyterlab-manager  
```

### License  
This code is currently licensed under the GPLv3 License, free of charge for non-commercial use.  
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/341827689.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/341827689)

Commit message:

update for emissions double counting

README.md, after:

## Long-term Emulator
![github_repo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19871268/122675461-723e7d00-d1d1-11eb-97db-3c17676e7f42.png)
*Image sources [1](https://www.nasa.gov/content/a-portrait-of-global-winds/), [2](https://www.aidanscannell.com/post/gaussian-process-regression/), and [3](http://6degreesoffreedom.co/circle-random-sampling/).*  


### Scripts
- For other scripts designing the emulator see other [repository](https://github.com/lukeconibear/emulator).  
- Concatenate simulator data for the year (`concat_simulation_data.ipynb`).  
- Verification plots of monthly simulation data (`check_simulation_data.ipynb`).  
- Create ozone seasonal metric from simulator runs (`create_o3_metric.py`). Submitted to HPC (`create_o3_metric.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab.  
- Create ozone seasonal metric for measurements (`create_o3_metric_measurements.py` and `create_o3_metric_measurements.bash`).  
- Create emulator input dictionaries (`create_emulator_inputs_outputs_df_crop`).  
- Emulator cross-validation and sensitivity analysis (`emulator_creation.ipynb`). Interactively computed on a HPC using Dask and Jupyter Lab following instructions [here](https://pangeo.io/setup_guides/hpc.html#).  
- Emulator predictions for custom inputs (`emulator_predictions.py`). Submitted to HPC (`emulator_predictions.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Can submit in batch mode (`emulator_predictions_batch.bash`).    
- Regrid custom outputs to population grid of the world (`regrid_to_popgrid.py`). Submitted to HPC (`regrid_to_popgrid.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Can submit in batch mode (`regrid_to_popgrid_batch.bash`).  
  - For PM2.5, may need `adjust_for_double_emissions.ipynb` and the variant `adjusted_for_double_emissions_and_regrid_to_popgrid.py` instead.  
- Create scaling metrics of evaluation against measurements (`wrfchem_evaluation_scaling.ipynb`).  
- Scale predictions to measurements (`scale_to_measurements.py`). Submitted to HPC (`scale_to_measurements.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Can submit in batch mode (`scale_to_measurements.bash`).  
- Crop population-weighted output predictions to region's shapefile (`popweighted_region.py`). Submitted to HPC (`popweighted_region.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Uses cropping functions (`cutshapefile.py`).  
- Create shapefile clips for the each country, province, and prefecture used in the health impact assessment (`create_shapefile_clips.ipynb`).  
- Long-term health impact assessment per configuration (`health_impacts_per_emission_configuration.py`). Submitted to HPC (`health_impacts_per_emission_configuration.bash`) using Dask for workers viewing worker status on Jupyter Lab. Can submit in batch mode (`health_impacts_per_emission_configuration.bash`).  
- Bottom-up matching of emission configurations that match recent air quality trends (`find_emissions_that_caused_air_quality_change.py` and `find_emissions_that_caused_air_quality_change.bash`). Can submit in batch mode (`find_emissions_that_caused_air_quality_change_batch.bash`).  
- Various emulator plots including emulator evaluation, sensitivity maps, prediction maps, and 2D contour pairs, (`emulator_plots.ipynb` and `find_emissions_that_caused_air_quality_change.ipynb`).  
- Plots for emissions (`emission_plots.ipynb`).  

### Setup Python environment
- Create a conda environment with the required libraries from the config file (.yml) in the repository:
```
conda env create --name pangeo --file=pangeo_latest.yml  
pip install salib dask_labextension pyarrow  
jupyter labextension install dask-labextension  
jupyter labextension install @jupyter-widgets/jupyterlab-manager  
```

### License  
This code is currently licensed under the GPLv3 License, free of charge for non-commercial use.  
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/341827689.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/341827689)
